# A0142360U
###### /docs/UserGuide.md
# User Guide

* [Features](#features)
* [FAQ](#faq)

#### Undo : `undo`
Undo previous command. <br>
The Undo command can be executed as many times as needed to the point of application launch. Multiple Undo commands can also be done by keying in `undo [number of times]`. <br>
Format: `undo`<br>
Shorthand: `u` <br>
Format: `undo 2` <br>
Shorthand: `u 2`


#### Redo : `redo`
Reverse undo command. <br>
The Redo command can only be executed immediately after one or more Undo commands.
If any command other than Undo makes changes to the task list, the Redo command is no longer available until Undo is executed again. Multiple Undo commands can also be done by keying in `redo [number of times]`. <br>
Format: `redo`<br>
Shorthand: `r` <br>
Format: `redo 2` <br>
Shorthand: `r 2` <br>


#### Change tasks storage directory : `cd` or `cdsave`
Changes the storage location of the Task list for Never Forget <br>
> *Users are given an option whether they would like to import their tasks to the new storage location.<br> Use `cdsave` if they would like to import their tasks to the new storage location or use `cd` if not. <br><br>
> *If they would not like to do so, the task manager will start from an empty task list in the new storage location.<br><br>
> *The default location is at the 'data/' folder of where the Never Forget.jar is located.<br>

Note: Storage location has to be declared relative to the position of Never Forget.jar. If users would like to navigate to a higher directory,
	  they can use '../'<br>
Note: This action will cause Never Forget to terminate. Users will have to re-launch their application again.<br>
Format: `cd {STORAGE LOCATION}/`<br>
		 `cd data/`
		 `cdsave {STORAGE LOCATION}/`<br>
		 `cd data/data/`

		 
		 
		 
		 
		 
		 
		 
		 
## FAQ

**Q**: How do I transfer my data to another Computer?<br>
**A1**: Install the app in the other computer and overwrite the empty data file it creates with
       the file that contains the data of your previous to-do list folder.<br><br>
**A2**: An alternate way would be to use the inbuilt storage transfer command `cd`,`cdsave` and File Hosting services such as dropbox.<br>
		Using the `cdsave` command, change the working directory of Never Forget & also select the option to transfer the tasks to a folder on dropbox.<br>
		From the other computer,use `cd` to change **_only_** the working directory of Never Forget to the same folder on dropbox.<br>
		Lastly, if needed, use the `cdsave` to change the working directory of Never Forget & import the tasks to a _**local**_ folder.

		 
Command | Format
-------- | :--------
Change Directory | `cd {STORAGE LOCATION}/`
Edit | `edit TASK d/DDMMYYYY t/HHMM i/*[*]... [t/TAG]...`
